My name is Paul Pardi and I'm your instructor for this course.
I've been programming computers since I was in my teens.
I love programming because it's like solving puzzles while designing and creating something
amazing.
My graduate degree is in philosophy where I learned how to become a better thinker.
When I program computers, I can apply many of the logic skills I learned in philosophy.
Computer programming not only enables you to build cool software, but I believe it can
help make you a better thinker.
I started my software development career at Microsoft when the internet was just getting
started and I participated in the internet revolution firsthand.
I managed software engineering teams that worked on desktop and web-based software.
The internet gave software developers, particularly those working on user interface, incredible
new opportunities.
For mobile interfaces to websites, software developers are not only creating software
that's functional, but also works of art.
In my career, I managed and worked with teams at both Microsoft and PayPal that focused
on customer-facing interfaces and learned how to make them great.
I also spent part of my 20 years at Microsoft in training organizations where I learned
how to communicate challenging ideas to new learners.
I also was fortunate enough to have spent 15 years teaching non-majors philosophy at
a university in Seattle.
This reinforced my ability to teach learners difficult concepts using ideas they can relate
to.
There's nothing more satisfying than to witness a learner having an aha moment where they
understand something new.
I'm really excited about this program.
I believe Microsoft has some of the most powerful and exciting software development tools available,
and I can't wait for you to learn about them.
I'm confident you'll have many of the aha moments as you gain new skills and reinforce
existing ones.